Well it ain't no use to sit
and wonder why, babe
Ifin' you don't know by now
An' it ain't no use to sit
and wonder why, babe
It'll never do some how
When your rooster crows
at the break a dawn
Look out your window
and I'll be gone
You're the reason
I'm trav'lin' on
Don't think twice,
it's all right
And it ain't no use in a-turnin'
on your light, babe
The light I never knowed
An' it ain't no use in turnin'
on your light, babe
I'm on the dark side of the road
But I wish there was somethin'
you would do or say
To try and make me change
my mind and stay
We never did too much
talkin' anyway
But don't think twice,
it's all right
No it ain't no use in callin'
out my name, gal
Like you never done before
And it ain't no use in callin'
out my name, gal
I can't hear ya any more
I'm a-thinkin' and a-wond'rin'
wallkin' way down the road
I once loved a woman,
a child I am told
I give her my heart
but she wanted my soul
But don't think twice,
it's all right
So long honey babe
Where I'm bound, I can't tell
Goodbye is too good a word, babe
So I just say fare thee well
I ain't sayin'
you treated me unkind
You could have done better
but I don't mind
You just kinda wasted
my precious time
But don't think twice,
it's all right